README.md, before:

# [![PocketMine-MP](http://cdn.pocketmine.net/img/PocketMine-MP-h.png)](https://pmmp.io)

__A highly customisable, open source server software for Minecraft: Pocket Edition written in PHP__

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pmmp/PocketMine-MP.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pmmp/PocketMine-MP)

### Setup, help & support, FAQs
Head over to the [documentation site](http://pmmp.readthedocs.org/).
If you don't find what you're looking for there, [talk to a human](#discussion). Please do not use our issue tracker for support requests.

### Discussion
- [Forums](https://forums.pmmp.io/)
- [#pmmp + #pocketmine channel IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=pmmp,pocketmine)

### Plugins
There are a very wide range of already-written plugins available which you can use to customise your server. Check out [Poggit](https://poggit.pmmp.io), or just search GitHub.

### For developers
 * [Latest API documentation](https://jenkins.pmmp.io/job/PocketMine-MP-doc/doxygen/) - Doxygen documentation generated from development
 * [DevTools](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-DevTools/) - A development tools plugin for creating plugins.

### Can I contribute?
Yes you can! Contributions are welcomed provided that they comply with our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Please ensure you read the relevant sections of the guidelines carefully before making a Pull Request or opening an Issue.

### Where can I get the latest .phar?
Head over to our [official Jenkins server](https://jenkins.pmmp.io/)

## Third-party Libraries/Protocols Used
* __[PHP Sockets](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sockets.php)__
* __[PHP mbstring](http://php.net/manual/en/book.mbstring.php)__
* __[PHP BCMath](http://php.net/manual/en/book.bc.php)__
* __[PHP pthreads](http://pthreads.org/)__ by _[krakjoe](https://github.com/krakjoe)_: Threading for PHP - Share Nothing, Do Everything.
* __[PHP YAML](https://code.google.com/p/php-yaml/)__ by _Bryan Davis_: The Yaml PHP Extension provides a wrapper to the LibYAML library.
* __[LibYAML](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/LibYAML)__ by _Kirill Simonov_: A YAML 1.1 parser and emitter written in C.
* __[cURL](http://curl.haxx.se/)__: cURL is a command line tool for transferring data with URL syntax
* __[Zlib](http://www.zlib.net/)__: A Massively Spiffy Yet Delicately Unobtrusive Compression Library
* __[Source RCON Protocol](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_RCON_Protocol)__
* __[UT3 Query Protocol](http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/UT3_query_protocol)__

## Licensing information

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
	GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
	along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

pmmp/PocketMine are not affiliated with Mojang. All brands and trademarks belong to their respective owners. PocketMine-MP is not a Mojang-approved software, nor is it associated with Mojang.

Commit message:

README: Be more clear about "getting latest phar"
We don't want people to be using latest development builds, but that's the first thing people see when visiting Jenkins. We want them using releases instead.

README.md, after:

# [![PocketMine-MP](http://cdn.pocketmine.net/img/PocketMine-MP-h.png)](https://pmmp.io)

__A highly customisable, open source server software for Minecraft: Pocket Edition written in PHP__

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pmmp/PocketMine-MP.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pmmp/PocketMine-MP)

### Setup, help & support, FAQs
Head over to the [documentation site](http://pmmp.readthedocs.org/).
If you don't find what you're looking for there, [talk to a human](#discussion). Please do not use our issue tracker for support requests.

### Discussion
- [Forums](https://forums.pmmp.io/)
- [#pmmp + #pocketmine channel IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=pmmp,pocketmine)

### Plugins
There are a very wide range of already-written plugins available which you can use to customise your server. Check out [Poggit](https://poggit.pmmp.io), or just search GitHub.

### For developers
 * [Latest API documentation](https://jenkins.pmmp.io/job/PocketMine-MP-doc/doxygen/) - Doxygen documentation generated from development
 * [DevTools](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-DevTools/) - A development tools plugin for creating plugins.

### Can I contribute?
Yes you can! Contributions are welcomed provided that they comply with our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Please ensure you read the relevant sections of the guidelines carefully before making a Pull Request or opening an Issue.

### Where can I get the latest .phar?
- Latest release builds can be found in our [GitHub releases](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP/releases).
- Latest bleeding-edge development builds (and other builds in the build job channels) can be found on our [Jenkins server](https://jenkins.pmmp.io/).

**Note: Please avoid development builds unless there is no other alternative for what you need.** Development builds are subject to changes at any time without notice, and it is likely that your server or plugins might break without warning.

## Third-party Libraries/Protocols Used
* __[PHP Sockets](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sockets.php)__
* __[PHP mbstring](http://php.net/manual/en/book.mbstring.php)__
* __[PHP BCMath](http://php.net/manual/en/book.bc.php)__
* __[PHP pthreads](http://pthreads.org/)__ by _[krakjoe](https://github.com/krakjoe)_: Threading for PHP - Share Nothing, Do Everything.
* __[PHP YAML](https://code.google.com/p/php-yaml/)__ by _Bryan Davis_: The Yaml PHP Extension provides a wrapper to the LibYAML library.
* __[LibYAML](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/LibYAML)__ by _Kirill Simonov_: A YAML 1.1 parser and emitter written in C.
* __[cURL](http://curl.haxx.se/)__: cURL is a command line tool for transferring data with URL syntax
* __[Zlib](http://www.zlib.net/)__: A Massively Spiffy Yet Delicately Unobtrusive Compression Library
* __[Source RCON Protocol](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_RCON_Protocol)__
* __[UT3 Query Protocol](http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/UT3_query_protocol)__

## Licensing information

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
	GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
	along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

pmmp/PocketMine are not affiliated with Mojang. All brands and trademarks belong to their respective owners. PocketMine-MP is not a Mojang-approved software, nor is it associated with Mojang.
